Using CircleCI to keep your git repo in sync with Hugging Face spaces (#1101)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-circleci.md

# Managing Spaces with CircleCI Workflows

> You can keep your app in sync with your GitHub repository with a **CircleCI workflow**. 

Reviewer: It might be good to add a one-sentence explanation of CircleCI/CircleCI workflows here for people who are not familiar with it.

Author: Great shout @davanstrien 👍🏽 I have added a paragraph with a few lines about CircleCI and a CircleCI workflow.

* Replace `HF_USERNAME` with your username and `SPACE_NAME` with your Space name. 
* [Create a context in CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/contexts/) and add an env variable into it called *HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN* (you can give it any name, use the key you create in place of HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN) and the value as your Hugging Face API token. You can find your Hugging Face API token under **API Tokens** on your Hugging Face profile.

```yaml
version: 2.1

workflows:
  main:
    jobs:
      - sync-to-huggingface:
          context:
            - HuggingFace
          filters:
            branches:
              only:
                - main

jobs:
  sync-to-huggingface:
    docker:
      - image: alpine
    resource_class: small
    steps:
      - run: 
          name: install git
          command: apk update && apk add openssh-client git
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: push to Huggingface hub
          command: |
                  git config user.email "<your-email@here>" 
                  git config user.name "<your-identifier>" 
                  git add -A 

>                   git commit -m "Automated push job ${CIRCLE_BRANCH} [skip ci]" --allow-empty 

Reviewer 2: why this extra commit rather than just `push`ing the current state of the source repo?

Author: Good shout @julien-c. I added it initially so that it was visible to end users that the latest empty commit had come from a sync. But it may not be necessary. I have removed it and updated the doc

> # Managing Spaces with CircleCI Workflows

Reviewer 3: You'll also need to add this to https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/docs/hub/_toctree.yml for it to show in the table of contents

Author: Thanks for showing that. Updated with another commit 👍🏽

*Note: For files larger than 10MB, Spaces requires Git-LFS. If you don't want to use Git-LFS, you may need to review your files and check your history. Use a tool like [BFG Repo-Cleaner](https://rtyley.github.io/bfg-repo-cleaner/) to remove any large files from your history. BFG Repo-Cleaner will keep a local copy of your repository as a backup.*

First, set up your GitHub repository and Spaces app together. Add your Spaces app as an additional remote to your existing Git repository.

```bash
git remote add space https://huggingface.co/spaces/HF_USERNAME/SPACE_NAME
```

Then force push to sync everything for the first time:

```bash
git push --force space main
```

Next, set up a [CircleCI workflow](https://circleci.com/docs/workflows/) to push your `main` git branch to Spaces. 

In the example below:

* Replace `HF_USERNAME` with your username and `SPACE_NAME` with your Space name. 

> * [Create a context in CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/contexts/) and add an env variable into it called *HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN* (you can give it any name, use the key you create in place of HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN) and the value as your Hugging Face API token. You can find your Hugging Face API token under **API Tokens** on your Hugging Face profile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Create a context in CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/contexts/) and add an env variable into it called *HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN* (you can give it any name' use the key you create in place of HF_PERSONAL_TOKEN) and the value as your Hugging Face API token. You can find your Hugging Face API token under **API Tokens** on [your Hugging Face profile](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens).
```

Author: Updated 👍🏽
